this is President Trump's first MLK day
in office and we wanted to do something
special to commemorate that so we went
out in the streets afternoon and we
asked people whose side are you on
in the Donald Trump dr. King Twitter war
of course dr. Martin Luther King has
been gone for 50 years but did that stop
people from weighing in on this
impossible feud no it did not
in tonight's dr. King edition of Light
witness news
[Music]
[Applause]
we're talking today about the big
Twitter war that's going on between
Donald Trump and dr. Martin Luther King
why do those two not get along well it
seems like Donald Trump isn't really
into african-americans we'll say was it
wrong of Martin Luther King to call
president tropi fish-eyed fool jive
Turkey
um no not it's true what are people
saying about it um that it's true yeah
yeah clearly there's some history
between those two from their time spent
together on Celebrity Apprentice she
remember yes when Bret Michaels beep dr.
Martin Luther King jr. at selling frozen
yogurt how much of their current fight
do you think stems from that there's
probably a little bit I mean there's
always a history do you remember that
episode I do remember that episode yeah
Bret Michaels could sell frozen yogurt
yeah yeah absolutely this morning I'm
sure you saw Trump came out and said I
have better dreams than Martin Luther
King because of my dreams I could fly
yes what do you think when you first
heard that you ever flying again no but
if I could it'd be sweet though was it
wrong of Martin Luther King to skip the
president's inauguration last year um I
don't think that wrong was the right
word but I think that Martin Luther King
has a right to not go let me ask you
like this is there any excuse he could
have for not going to the inauguration
um I say yes because everybody has a
right to not go to something that they
don't feel like they want to go do you
have plans that's yeah he could have had
something else to go to maybe had a
family event maybe be a funeral
yeah maybe a funeral so I think he has
the right to go to where he wants to go
and I'm sure if you wanted to maybe you
just watched it on TV good way then I
tell President Trump and Martin Luther
King what they have to do um
I think you guys got to sell your
differences and make become friends
happy MLK Day Martin Luther King
[Music]
see why we have Black History Month okay
if you like that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment